I don't want to hear it.
I can't hear you, Gontaro.
Why do you always carry the pain of
spitting blood when you put your nose in the eye of your granddaughter?
If there are many children playing,
if there are children who run bitterly,
if you ask if there are children who are not taken care of,
children will say,
Gonta, Ie-da, how can you ask?
I'm asking you, Gontaro,
what is the meaning of the word, Gontaro?
If you can heal your condition now,
what would you do?
I'm not sure.
Please tell me.
Please write it in my memory.
While the vegetables are lamenting,
the
vegetables are lamenting.
This is also the work of the Kamakura type.
This is the last one.
Kajiwara is the symbol of the reward,
and the order of the clothes of the Yoritomo that I wear.
I'm not sure about the number of the five,
but please write it one by one.
That's right.
What? The clothes of the Yoritomo?
Yes, the clothes of the Yoritomo.
The clothes are the symbol of the reward,
and the order of the clothes of the Yoritomo.
I'm not sure.
Please write it again.
This is the song of my friend.
His name is Shishitama Dare.
I'm not sure.
Please write it again.